The following open source projects are referenced by Device Camera Go:

https://golang.org/LICENSE

atagirov/goonvif (MIT) https://github.com/atagirov/goonvif
yakovlevdmv/goonvif (MIT) https://github.com/yakovlevdmv/goonvif
https://github.com/yakovlevdmv/goonvif/blob/master/LICENSE

Nested goonvif packages are not separately licensed:
yakovlevdmv/goonvif/Device
yakovlevdmv/goonvif/Media
yakovlevdmv/goonvif/xsd/onvif
yakovlevdmv/gosoap
yakovlevdmv/WS-Discovery
yakovlevdmv/Golang-iso8601-duration

BurntSushi/toml 0.3.1 (MIT) https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml
https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml/blob/master/COPYING

gorilla/mux 1.6.2 (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/context 1.1.1 (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/context
https://github.com/gorilla/context/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/consul 1.4.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/consul
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp 0.5.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts 1.0.0 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/go-homedir 1.0.0 (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure 1.1.2 (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf 0.8.1 (MPL-2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

robfig/cron 1.1 (MIT) https://github.com/robfig/cron
https://github.com/robfig/cron/blob/master/LICENSE

globalsign/mgo (unspecified) https://github.com/globalsign/mgo
https://github.com/globalsign/mgo/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/mgo v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo/tree/v2
https://github.com/go-mgo/mgo/tree/v2/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/tree/v2
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v2/LICENSE

beevik/etree 1.0.1 (BSD-2-Clause) https://github.com/beevik/etree
https://github.com/beevik/etree/blob/master/LICENSE

lair-framework/go-nmap (MIT) https://github.com/lair-framework/go-nmap
https://github.com/lair-framework/go-nmap/blob/master/LICENSE

satori/go.uuid 1.2.0 (MIT) https://github.com/satori/go.uuid
https://github.com/satori/go.uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

pkg/errors 0.8.1 (BSD-2-Clause) https://github.com/pkg/errors
https://github.com/pkg/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/edgex-go (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-go
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/edgex-go/blob/master/LICENSE

